python -m streamlit run frontend/streamlit_app.py
👩 Patient 1 — Priya Sharma (Diabetes)
📄 Blood Sugar Report Questions
What is Priya's HbA1c level and is it normal?

What does a fasting blood glucose of 142 mg/dL indicate?

What is her eGFR value and what stage of kidney disease does it suggest?

Why is microalbumin elevated and what does it mean?

Which values are marked as HIGH in her blood report?

📄 Prescription Questions
What medicines were prescribed to Priya?

Why was Losartan prescribed — is it for BP or kidneys?

What is the dosage and frequency of Metformin?

How long should she take Empagliflozin?

What foods should Priya strictly avoid?

📄 Eye Screening Report Questions
Does Priya have diabetic retinopathy?

Which eye is affected and what is the severity grade?

Does she need laser treatment right now?

When should she repeat the eye examination?

What is her visual acuity in both eyes?

🔗 Combined Questions (all 3 docs)
Based on all her reports, what is the most serious condition Priya is currently facing?

Which medicines in the prescription are specifically meant to protect her kidneys?

Is her eye condition directly related to her diabetes — what does the blood report confirm?

What lifestyle changes should Priya make based on all three documents together?

List all follow-up tests and appointments mentioned across all her reports.

👨 Patient 2 — Rahul Verma (Thyroid + Hypertension)
📄 Thyroid Report Questions
What type of thyroid condition does Rahul have?

Is his TSH high or low and what does that mean for the body?

What are Anti-TPO antibodies and why are they elevated?

Why is his cholesterol high — is it related to his thyroid?

What is Hashimoto's Thyroiditis in simple terms?

📄 Prescription Questions
How and when exactly should Rahul take Levothyroxine?

Which medicines were prescribed for his blood pressure?

Can he take calcium tablets along with Levothyroxine at the same time?

What foods should he avoid for better thyroid health?

When should he repeat the thyroid blood test?

📄 Discharge Summary Questions
Why was Rahul admitted to the hospital?

What was his blood pressure at the time of admission?

What did the thyroid ultrasound report show?

Why did Rahul have a slow heart rate (bradycardia) of 52 bpm?

What is hyponatraemia and why did Rahul develop it?

🔗 Combined Questions (all 3 docs)
What caused Rahul's high cholesterol — is it caused by his thyroid condition?

Based on all reports, which is more dangerous — his thyroid or his blood pressure?

What emergency treatment was given in the hospital and what is he taking at home now?

What is the connection between Hashimoto's Thyroiditis and his slow heart rate?

Summarise all the medical conditions Rahul has been diagnosed with across all documents.

👩 Patient 3 — Kavitha Nair (Post-Surgery)
📄 Surgery Notes Questions
What surgery was performed on Kavitha and why was it needed?

How many gallstones were found and what was the largest size?

Was there any significant bleeding during the surgery?

What was the condition of the gallbladder when the surgeon opened it?

How long did the entire surgery take?

📄 Discharge Summary Questions
How many days was Kavitha hospitalised in total?

What medicines were given to her at the time of discharge?

What diet must she follow after the surgery?

What warning signs should she watch out for at home?

When is her suture removal appointment?

📄 Histopathology Report Questions
Was cancer found in the removed gallbladder?

What is the final histological diagnosis of the specimen?

What was the size of the gallbladder that was removed?

What does "acute on chronic cholecystitis" mean in simple terms?

Does Kavitha need any cancer follow-up visits in the future?

🔗 Combined Questions (all 3 docs)
Was the surgery completely successful — what do all three reports confirm?

What is the full recovery timeline based on the surgery notes and discharge summary?

Based on all reports, does Kavitha need further treatment or is she fully cured?

List all medications Kavitha received — from surgery day to discharge.

What is the next follow-up date and which report needs to be reviewed at that visit?

👨 Patient 4 — Mohammed Farouk (Cardiac)
📄 ECG + Echo Report Questions
What does an ejection fraction (EF) of 44% mean — is it dangerous?

What did the ECG show in leads V4 to V6?

What is LV hypertrophy and why does Farouk have it?

Does he have any heart valve problem according to the echo?

What urgent test was recommended after the echocardiography?

📄 Cardiac Blood Tests Questions
Is the Troponin I level of 0.08 ng/mL dangerous?

What does a very high NT-proBNP value of 1840 pg/mL indicate?

Why is low potassium of 3.4 mEq/L dangerous for a heart patient?

What does elevated hs-CRP mean for his overall cardiac risk?

Which values in the blood test are the most urgent to treat immediately?

📄 Cardiology Prescription Questions
Why was he prescribed both Ecosprin and Clopidogrel together?

What is Ramipril used for in heart failure patients?

Why was Furosemide prescribed — what problem does it address?

What is the daily fluid restriction for Farouk?

What should he do immediately if chest pain or breathlessness occurs?

🔗 Combined Questions (all 3 docs)
Based on all three reports, is Farouk having a heart attack or something else?

What is the single most critical finding across all his cardiac documents?

Which medicines in the prescription directly address the abnormal values found in the blood test?

Based on ECG, echo, and blood tests combined — how serious is his heart condition overall?

What are all the urgent tests ordered and why is each one specifically needed?

